Let's work on the card for each one of these books, so we still have a few items we need to show here.
It's going to be very simple, let's go back.
Get rid of our book search repository navigation, let's focus on our search screen.
So notebook row here has come down, so we have author.
And let's see what else we need.
Let's say fonts or font style.
They font style.
I want to make that italic.
That's be good.
And let's just copy and paste a few.
These just test this.
These are just text.
OK, so let's work on this.
Give us some space in between so we don't get lost.
All right.
So Arthur, we have an author that's not good.
Well, let's see.
Copy and paste a few times.
OK, so the next let's use date.
So what are we doing next is just going around and finding the information we want to show.
I'm going to get the published date and maybe publisher at some point.
Maybe not.
Maybe that's not important enough.
So depends on what you want to add.
You can add whatever you want here.
OK, let's start with that first one.
So date published date?
We have access to that.
And by the way, we need to spend some time and let's acknowledge something real quick here.
How easy things are right now.
Notice that we didn't have to do much in terms of combining the JSON and the codling object that we
represent in this case model a book, right?
All of that conversion happened in the back with retrofit.
So now we can just say, book that volume info that published date and get that information just like
that, OK?
That's a really, really good.
So Retrofit is a really nice library for things such as these.
We can do a lot of other things with it, but I hope you seeing the power of using retrofit now.
The setting up, of course, can take a little bit of getting used to, but once you have a set up,
you don't.
OK, OK, so we have date.
And what else are we going to?
I was going to change italic.
That's fine.
Let's change this to caption.
That's totally fine as well.
OK, what's next?
How about category?
I'm just going to say move everything when I say book categories.
That's about it.
I don't want anything else.
Just remove that.
Okay.
Let's go ahead and save and run.
I love how we have author date.
When was this released?
And there you have it.
I think that's how you say Einstein.
Let's go.
There you go.
So you can search for any book that you want.
How to read well or get.